docs: add tokenfactory tutorial (#3730)
ignite/cli: docs/docs/02-guide/06-tokenfactory/02-denoms.md

The `x/bank` module is pivotal in the Cosmos SDK as it tracks all account balances and the total supply of tokens in the application.

### Key Points on Denoms and Balances:

- **Fixed Denomination Unit:** The Cosmos SDK treats the amount of a balance as a single, fixed unit of denomination, regardless of the denom itself.
- **Client and App Flexibility:** While clients and apps built on Cosmos SDK chains can define arbitrary denomination units, all transactions and operations in the Cosmos SDK ultimately use these fixed units.
- **Example:** On the Cosmos Hub (Gaia), the common assumption is 1 ATOM = 10^6 uatom, and operations are based on these units of 10^6.

## Denoms and IBC (Inter-Blockchain Communication)

One of the primary uses of IBC is the transfer of tokens between blockchains. This process involves creating a token `voucher` on the target blockchain upon receiving tokens from a source chain.

### Characteristics of IBC Voucher Tokens:

> - **Naming Convention:** IBC voucher tokens are denoted with a naming syntax that starts with `ibc/`. This convention helps in identifying and managing IBC tokens on a blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Naming Convention:** IBC voucher tokens are denoted with a naming syntax that starts with `ibc/`. This convention helps identify and manage IBC tokens on a blockchain.
```

- **Native vs. Voucher Tokens:** With IBC, a native token on one blockchain can be referenced as a `voucher` token on another. These tokens are differentiated by their `denom` names.

For a comprehensive understanding of IBC denoms and their application, refer to [Understand IBC Denoms with Gaia](https://tutorials.cosmos.network/tutorials/6-ibc-dev/), which provides detailed insights into the format and utilization of voucher tokens in the IBC context.

---

> By revising the chapter in this format, it becomes more structured and informative, enhancing the reader's comprehension of denoms and their significance in the Cosmos ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Revising the chapter in this format makes it more structured and informative, enhancing the reader's comprehension of denoms and their significance in the Cosmos ecosystem.
```
